Princess Anne is the ancestor of Zara Phillips.
Prince Charles is the descendent of Elizabeth II.
Elizabeth II is the wife of Prince Philip.
Autumn Phillips is the wife of Peter Phillips.
Antony Armstrong-Jones is the husband of Princess Margaret.
Prince William is the husband of Kate Middleton.
Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon is the mother of Elizabeth II.
Lady Sarah Chatto is the mother of Samuel Chatto.
Prince Charles is the father of Prince William.
Prince William is the father of Prince George.
Princess Anne is the daughter of Elizabeth II.
Peter Phillips is the son of Princess Anne.
Lady Sarah Chatto is the child of Princess Margaret.
Prince Harry is the child of Prince Charles.
Prince Andrew is the child of Elizabeth II.
Prince Edward is the child of Elizabeth II.
Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones is the siblings of Charles Armstrong-Jones.
Savannah Phillips is the siblings of Isla Elizabeth Phillips.
Princess Beatrice is the siblings of Princess Eugenie.
Elizabeth II is the siblings of Princess Margaret.
Zara Phillips is the siblings of Peter Phillips.
Prince George is the siblings of Prince Louis.
Prince Edward is the siblings of Prince Charles.
Prince William is the siblings of Prince Harry.
Princess Eugenie is the sister of Princess Beatrice.
Elizabeth II is the sister of Princess Margaret.
Lady Louise Windsor is the sister of James.
Princess Anne is the sister of Prince Charles.
Mia Grace Tindall is the sister of Lena Elizabeth Tindall.
Princess Anne is the sister of Prince Andrew.
Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones is the sister of Charles Armstrong-Jones.
Prince Charles is the brother of Princess Anne.
Prince Andrew is the brother of Princess Anne.
Prince Charles is the brother of Prince Andrew.
Prince Andrew is the brother of Prince Charles.
Peter Phillips is the brother of Zara Phillips.
Prince George is the brother of Princess Charlotte.
Princess Eugenie is the niece of Princess Anne.
Zara Phillips is the niece of Prince Charles.
Lady Sarah Chatto is the niece of Elizabeth II.
Princess Eugenie is the niece of Prince Charles.
Princess Charlotte is the niece of Prince Harry.
Princess Charlotte is the niece-In-Law of Meghan Markle.
Prince William is the nephew of Princess Anne.
Peter Phillips is the nephew of Prince Charles.
David Armstrong-Jones is the nephew of Elizabeth II.
Prince Louis is the nephew-In-Law of Meghan Markle.
Princess Margaret is the aunt of Princess Anne.
Princess Anne is the aunt of Prince William.
Princess Margaret is the aunt of Prince Charles.
Mary Elphinstone is the aunt of Elizabeth II.
Lady Sarah Chatto is the aunt of Charles Armstrong-Jones.  
Meghan Markle is the aunt-In-Law of Princess Charlotte.
Princess Anne is the aunt-In-Law of Kate Middleton.
Sarah Fergie Ferguson is the aunt-In-Law of Prince William.
Prince Charles is the uncle of Princess Eugenie.
Prince Edward is the uncle of Prince William.
Prince Edward is the uncle of Peter Phillips.
Prince Charles is the uncle of Peter Phillips.
David Armstrong-Jones is the uncle of Arthur Chatto.
Capt Mark Phillips is the uncle-In-Law of Prince William.
Princess Eugenie is the cousin of Prince William.
Peter Phillips is the cousin of Princess Eugenie.
Prince William is the cousin of Princess Beatrice.
Prince Charles is the cousin of David Armstrong-Jones.
Princess Anne is the cousin of Lady Sarah Chatto.
Elizabeth II is the cousin of Margaret Elphinstone.
Peter Phillips is the cousin-In-Law of Kate Middleton.
Autumn Phillips is the child-In-Law of Princess Anne.
Capt Mark Phillips is the son-In-Law of Elizabeth II.
Diana Spencer is the daughter-In-Law of Elizabeth II.
Elizabeth II is the parent-In-Law of Sarah Fergie Ferguson.
Elizabeth II is the mother-In-Law of Diana Spencer.
Prince Philip is the father-In-Law of Diana Spencer.
Elizabeth II is the sibling-In-Law of Antony Armstrong-Jones.
Diana Spencer is the sister-In-Law of Princess Anne.
Serena Armstrong-Jones is the sister-In-Law of Lady Sarah Chatto.
Kate Middleton is the sister-In-Law of Prince Harry.
Meghan Markle is the sister-In-Law of Prince William.
Diana Spencer is the sister-In-Law of Prince Andrew.
Diana Spencer is the sister-In-Law of Prince Edward.
Antony Armstrong-Jones is the brother-In-Law of Elizabeth II.
Daniel Chatto is the brother-In-Law David Armstrong-Jones.
Capt Mark Phillips is the brother-In-Law Prince Charles.
Prince Charles is the brother-In-Law Sarah Fergie Ferguson.
Prince Edward is the brother-In-Law Diana Spencer.
Prince Philip is the brother-In-Law Princess Margaret.
Mike Tindall is the brother-In-Law Peter Phillips.
Prince William is the grand child of Elizabeth II.
Prince Harry is the grand child of Elizabeth II.
Lady Louise Windsor is the grand child of Elizabeth II.
Princess Eugenie is the grand child of Elizabeth II.
Prince William is the grand son of Prince Philip.
Princess Beatrice is the grand daughter of Elizabeth II.
Elizabeth II is the grand parent of Princess Eugenie.
Princess Anne is the grand parent of Mia Grace Tindall.
Princess Anne is the grand parent of Savannah Phillips.
Prince Philip is the grand father of Prince Harry.
Elizabeth II is the grandmother of Prince William.
